summarize:  What's your routine before trading? It depends on the day. Sometimes I'll go to the roof and I'll just be like, what are you reading? It's a Sanctica letters of ethics. Right after Christ, it's kind of how long ago this was. But Sanctica was a stoist and a philosopher. And this entire book is letters that he wrote to one of his students. It just feels super personal because it feels like he's writing you these letters and sometimes I'll read it and it'll fit exactly what I need to hear at that moment. It's kind of a crazy thing. I'll just kind of pick anywhere and one of these letters because a lot of the time you kind of have to figure out the context of it because sometimes he's responding to you know, Lucius. Your clear conscience gives you reason to be confident. Still, since many external factors have a bearing on the outcome, hope for the best but prepare yourself for the worst. Remember above all, get rid of the commotion. Observe what each thing has inside and you will learn. There's nothing to fear in your affairs but fear itself. In other cases, the mask needs to be removed not only from people but from events as well and their true faces revealed. There we go. And then what you just sit up here and... Yeah, I just prepared. It's actually the complete opposite. Mentally prepared but not in a way that you think I would mentally prepare. Like I'm not mentally preparing for trading. I'm like bringing myself into the moment as possible because my philosophy with trading is when I sit at the table, I shouldn't be bringing any outside factors of life into my trading. Because I want to be detached from ego, detached from my goals and ambitions and simply just be an observer in the market. So I like coming up here in the morning because it's super relaxing. I just watch this on set. I think God, thank you God for an amazing, you know, blessed day and another day to wake up and you know, just live this amazing life. And then that kind of gets me to be able to just go in and with the gratefulness and just be able to trade what I see. That's kind of the point. It's just like a little morning reading relaxation and getting to the moment and then hit the charts. Kind of just seeing how what happened the first thing like when I sit down is just recognizing what happened in the overnight session. It's just like a little morning reading relaxation and getting to the moment and then hitting the charts. Kind of just seeing how what happened the first thing like when I sit down is just recognizing what happened in the overnight session. It's just like a little morning reading relaxation and getting to the moment and then hitting the charts. Kind of just seeing how what happened the first thing like when I sit down is just recognizing what happened in the overnight session. It's just like a little morning reading relaxation and getting to the moment and then hitting the charts. Kind of just seeing how what happened the first thing like when I sit down is just recognizing what happened in the overnight session. It's just like a little morning reading relaxation and getting to the moment and summarize:  I might have had last night could be changed because we have more information. So like for example, based on what happened yesterday and then what happened from the opening gap of Tuesday going into Tuesday night, we get down and then sort of just running when in reality, I would have wanted to see the there's a four hour for really good here. I would have wanted to see this whole bullish because bigger time frame, we did have an SMT. We were starting the displaced back inside this range and there's some equal highs up here. But now I'm just recognizing, okay, and you just sold off in the overnight session. We just took this recent low. So I want to see some more structure build in the morning to see, okay, or do we want to start displacing back up here? Do we want to go back to the opening gap that we created from last night? But it's more so going to be be patient at the open probably waiting for the 950 macro, waiting for 10 a.m. and then seeing seeing if we can get a better understanding of what the draw is at that time. Okay, so you have like, you have a type form that all your current students fill out each morning. Yeah, that's cool. Yeah, so every morning before they go into the market, because this just brings them into like the present like, what are you focusing on? What are your actual goals? Because like if you wake up and you're not in the right head space, it's like you're going to just end up doing so much random stuff. So this like is just taking the time to actually like sit there and say, hey, what am I actually thinking about today? And then writing it down and asking yourself those questions, I think is extremely important. Do you tell them not to trade unless they fill this out? Yeah, I say, I say, I don't, I just, yeah, exactly. I say, don't start trading until you fill this out. So we just got done trading. So there might be some opportunity later in the PM session, which we'll kind of look at the market later and see if there's anything, but this morning was honestly pretty boring. But that's just part of trading, right? Being able to come to the market, know what your biases, know what your plan is, know what your edges. And if a model and if a setup doesn't approach itself, then there's no reason for you to do it. So I think it's really important to be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and be able to come to the market and summarize:  trades, right? So right now we're heading to go off, going to go play around and then go meet up with some students for lunch. So stay tuned because that'll be super cool. Little windy on the day, little wind coming in here, I think maybe I think this is massively going to affect your suite. I think so too. I think this is maybe like a 10, 10 mile an hour, 12 mile an hour wind. 10 knots, 10 knots. As they say, I'm just trying to hit some balls. Pierce you well, well, well. I thought you were going to have the courage. How is it? Is it yummy? You know, you got to get a good, you can't go golfing in the morning without getting a good breakfast, Brito. Like that's like tradition. It is not a bad shot. Little right. How'd you play Justin? I mean, not horrendous, but not great, you know, somewhere in between. I didn't play well at all. I think we just like weren't in the greatest of mood to go. I think we're just sleepy. I think we're just, yeah. Let's go get some coffee. What'd you get? A espresso, honey, cinnamon, shaken espresso. And some do these look like dookies. Peanut butter power, bro. It's shit, munching right now for literally peanut butter power balls. We need a cold plunge. A-sap. Rock. Yeah. Alright, so we're going to see what the market's up in the light here in the PM. And boring, boring, boring. Just been selling off all day. Look at Martin, bro. Student. Student went crazy today. Those are all his B-A accounts. That's fine. Took one loss with a tight wrist and then hit a nice one. Consistent small bases every day keeps the full time job away. It also helped me with this Apple Magic Mouse diet as I close by in a position. Huge design. People in Apple's park are placing the charger port underneath. Yeah, that's great. Shall we cold plunge? Yeah, for sure we need a cold plunge right now. Alright. Probably the easiest time of day to cold plunge. Yeah, probably. 101 degrees. It's coming up here and like ever since we've started to do cold plunge, I get excited to come up here and do a cold plunge because it's so cool. It's so cool to come up here and do a cold plunge because it's so cool to come up here and do a cold plunge because it's so cool to come up here and do a cold plunge because it's so cool to come up here and do a cold plunge because it's so cool to come up here and do a cold plunge because it's so cool to come up here and do a cold plunge because it's so cool to come up here and do a cold plunge because it's so cool to come up here and do a cold plunge because it's so cool to come up here and do a cold plunge because it's so cool to come up here and do a cold plunge because it's so cool to summarize:  little accomplishment that you can do throughout the day. Makes everything else so much easier. Yeah. It just, it constantly builds confidence and gives you the strength to work on other things and it tells you that you're able to do it. Again, like when you first start it just sucks and it sucks pretty much every time but that's what makes it so great. Exactly. The feeling you get after it, you have to get addicted to that feeling. Yeah, but we're at four minutes here. Alright. Nice little four minuteer. Good stuff. Yeah, I'm feeling that too. Oh my body feels that. Yeah, yeah. Shall we hit the sauna? Yeah. Oh get in there. If anybody's watching this, like the easiest thing to do to just have a more enjoyable life and just become a happier person is just practice gratitude. Just practice gratitude. Sit in the moment and say thank you God for this amazing moment. Wherever you are, thank you for me being able to sit here and experience life and experience this moment and just bring yourself centered into them now. It's so easy to think about what's going to happen next and what I did wrong in the past and it's like we realize 90% of the life that we live is actually just moments of thinking about what else. And we realize that actually the life that we've been living is not actually what we've been living but it's been previous things or in the future things. So when you can learn to just bring yourself into the now and truly embrace into the now all your problems and everything starts to drift away and you can just fully embrace the gift of God and the present. For sure. Alright, so we're off to lunch to go see two of my students. We might have three. We're going to the go to spot Oban. So I'm excited to see George and James just have some good fun. Have a nice little lunch and then come back and my trainer is going to be here at two so we're going to work out with him. Charlotte. It's good. Oh, good to see you. How are you liking being over here? Yeah, yeah. So he doesn't scare you the way? I mean today was a little bit. Today was a little rough. Yeah, the humidity. Yeah, we went off to like all the power and it was just way a lot more human than we thought it was going to be. Oh, you got the red hair? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. summarize:. One of these days. This is going to be the one shot. Hey, Zach. So you'll go stomping in this. Yeah, I love that. Well deserved. I see drives in and comforts. Well deserved. You never know. Be the way. Alright, we're heading back to Optima. We're going to go work out with the trainer. Probably doing other cold plunge as well. That'll probably by the time we're done. And then change, maybe do some little work and then head to global later tonight. So it's about. Run club then global. Oh yeah. Oh, fuck. You don't have to remember the three known negotiables. Sugar, fried shit. And what is it? Glue nerf fucking with with products. Oh yeah, we thought that's yeah. Those of you three known negotiable. So no bread. Exactly. No bread would be way. Yeah, we don't know. We're in America. We in America bread is just the worst. Give us give us the rundown real quick. Well, we're kind of doing what we're kind of doing in all body workout today. So let me let me let me tell you. Yeah, I see a lot of standing. We were supposed to do a crossfit this week, right? A crossfit super hard is like killing him, right? And the first day he threw up a little bit and. Oh, this guy's full of shit. And he was like, yeah, I was full of shit. And then it was like, oh, you know, for a minute in, like 20 minutes. I forgot, I have an important call. I need to go early up. No, I'm not full of shit. Yeah, I believe it. We're gonna do crossfit today. He's like, now the camera's on. We can do some cross. Let's do cross. Let's go. One minute, farmer's walk, one round, slid, and then jump. Okay, that's one round. We'll stop. Okay, we're gonna see how to do it. Yeah, we should do it. How much harder would you say he's trying to make that? I think we should bring the camera every time now. Yeah. Why is he stopping with the timer? I think we should bring the camera every time. We're gonna be loud, generally. Speed walking. It is the rolling. Not missing a beat. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is the rolling. It is summarize:'s like a low effort, champ. How many times did you do that? I was just wondering. Warm up? No, on the next one. I have to flip through. Perfect. Gotta say hydrated. I've been going hard, going hard, going hard, going tired. I make it look easy, but this year we need a practice. I'm really a genius, still a little project. Baby, it's going on for this. Baby, it's this. Baby, try to cut it up for me. Baby, have a full pack. You've been working out after eating. It's not a good choice. It's just good, slow, deal. Baby, I'm just trying to get it right. Baby, me. How it doing? We're at Global Ambassador. Gonna get some food. Gonna get some grub. Some shit. Have a fun night. It is Wednesday, though, so we got to wake up in Trader Mars or not. Out in some women Wednesday. All righty. Hopefully you guys enjoyed this video with a day in the life. We just got back from dinner. I'm stuffed. It is 10.30, so we're going to go ahead and get ready for bed, hop in bed, and do another day. Wake up in the morning, normally around 5.30 and get ready to train. Hopefully you guys enjoyed this video, and I'll see you all in an actual beach.

RAW Paste Data

I'm going to start off by saying thank you to all of you who have been so kind to me over the past few days. I'm so grateful for all of you who have been so kind to me over the past few days. I'm so grateful for all of you who have been so kind to me over the past few days. I'm so grateful for all of you who have been so kind to me over the past few days. I'm so grateful for all of you who have been so kind to me over the past few days. I'm so grateful for all of you who have been so kind to me over the past few days. I'm so grateful for all of you who have been